did you drink my milk don't look at me
I'm lactose intolerance it was full and
now it's almost gone you drink my milk
well just cuz I'm your roommate doesn't
mean you have to blame it everything on
me hey guys Alex I see you're running a
little low on milks clap what's up did
you drink my milk me no no Kyle what's
up look me straight in the eye and tell
me you didn't drink my milk I did not
drink
your milks are you sure I do not believe
in drinking liquids from cows are you
sure I'm positive and you know what
stop trying to milk this situation Kyle
puked milks I'm sorry about the puking
so it was you I promise it wasn't me
come on Kyle come on I totally called it
you're both liars we didn't drink your
milks go to the store now and give me
some new milks hold on this isn't over
hello hello Alex what's up how's Hawaii
he's great
listen listen I need your advice on this
girl she's did you take my money oh you
didn't need to stop drinking my milk for
the last time no one drink your milk
you see we don't need calcium like you
now you're making fun of my bones this
isn't over
what's up man yo what up bro you'll
never guess what
what do you don't will will you - ok
guys I'll give you one chance I'm gonna
count to three one
you're wasting oxygen dude - wait I
drank up all your milks fine I drink
your milks - okay yeah I knew it was you
guys because I put throw-up medicines in
my milks so you would throw up so got
Chu and got Chu but I forget both - you
so let's hug it out no there's no of
medicine in that so
what you kidding me okay
Bank dudes niggas face watching the
video don't forget to subscribe thank
you so much for our casting crew
yes you have Kyle hatch over here yellow
Paco and big thanks to my vulture coming
out and spitting milk on me follow us on
Twitter
unbelievable give me some milks